

Once upon a time


There was a story narrated by Morgan Freeman, here it is.
What up my Glip Glops, here's a story about the professor. 
The mean professor, who is a Beaman Monster, made a class redo a homework exercise

 The professor made them redo the assignment because of a craxy Devil Bird threatened him to do so.
The professor was actually a sea serpent.
Just like all fairy tale, we will have a hero in our story
The hero of this story is nowhere to be found
So the class organized a massive search party to find the hero to slay this Beaman Monster posing as the professor
Before the search party left they made sure to stock up on Mountain Dew.
Suddenly, the hero came across an ahool!
Then Jake redid his assignment while watching Ip Man.
It's a cool movie if you're in the mood.
It's a Romantic Comedy about a Chuchunya from Moscow, and his adventures in NYC with a group of otherwise normal software engineers.
This Chuchunya's name was Jeffrey, and he was so consumed by the Beaman monster that he devoted his entire Saturday to finding him.
Then more and more students, who were really Andean Wolves, began fixing their assignments.
Everyone joined in and watched the movie.
British big cats look alike a cat in a big version
But not everyone enjoy the movie
tragically, the ahool met its untimely end.

Randomly, a kappa came out of nowhere demanding 3.50 and disappeared.

 Chickcharney are twin birds
The air cooled and thunder rumbled; the students were afraid.
But the Kappa hand't dissapeared, it had instead turned into a rustacean from the protozoic era.
The transformed Kappa skittered away as all of its protozoic brothers have long since passed.

Just then a group of ninjas burst in, all of whom were masters of shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style.
"We're here to bring the ruckus!" they shouted.
With that, the ninjas dropped a sick beat and showed off their mad breakdancing skills.

But still the hero of the story was nowhere to be found.
The ninjas had pet sea serpents.
These sea serpents were also cyborgs as well as being ninjas.

Even though the sea serpents were cyborgs, they could only eat food created by the Mothman

The Mothman did not like making sea serpent food though, so it was rare for a Ninja to have a pet.
The ninjas walked away. All the students finished Ip Man and started watching Ong Bak 2

Kappy came back, this time he meant business! And died.
But they suddenly realized they had forgotten something important!They had forgotten their most important task, the dreaded SWE Exercise 2 was due in mere minutes...

After completing the exercise and finishing Ong Bak 2, they settled down on their couch to read the news.
The leading story this night was about the Chupacabra from Puerto Rico and its recent invasion of and killing the goats of Columbia, MO.

JSightings of exotic big cats in Australia began more than 100 years ago..he New South Wales State Government reported in 2003 that it was more likely than not that there was a colony of exotic big cats living in the bush near Sydney.

Several students, who wanted to help protect the livestocks, consulted the Beaman Monster professor.
The knowledgable professor then indicated that only one creature, the Ozark Howler, could defeat the the goat suckers.
The professor then rememberd that the majestic 'Ahool' could defeat the goat suckers as wellAfter remembering this very important fact, the professor took flight on his Ahool into the darkness to try and find the goat suckers!

Suddenly a Man-Eating Tree appeared and said to all of the students of CS 4320:
'This story makes no sense. Can we try again?' and began to tell the tale of his pet Malaysian Tiger, Tony.

Tony had once saved him from a rabid Moa.
The Moa believed the man-eating tree to have been a snack.

 Tony had a girlfriend that was called a Globster.


Tony had always had a penchant for a certain frosted cereal. He often growled and shouted something that sounded like 'great!' when he ate it
The Globster had a butter face though
If the butter faced girlfirend were to be threatened, Tony would most liekly not care
The Globster and Tony had a falling out after Tony became famous, but thats a story for later.

The Beast of Exmoor appeared, snarling at the Bigfoot.the Bigfoot pleaded for assistance to his supposed friend, a Wolpertinger whom he had met in Germany two years prior, but the Wolpertinger simply stared.And thus, the Bigfoot became the first confirmed meal for the Beast of Exmoor.The Beast, however, was now faced with the most menacing foe it was ever destined to face, a cold, soulless monster with no comprehension of mercy - the Wolpertinger!
Normally Wolpertinger populations were kept under control by its natural predator, the Hoop Snake.But this season, Wolpertinger populations were at an all time high as the Hoop Snakes and Chupacabras were still hibernating.The Wolpertinger turned and looked at Tony and became jealous that Tony was dating Globster. Tony grabbed Globster and started to run after what he saw the Wolpertinger do to Bigfoot. The Yeti came storming through the woods and grabbed the campers. Unfortunately, Tony turned out to be fairly slow despite being a tiger, the years of captivity had taken his speed out of him. But let us not forget, Tony was still a tiger, and one of the fiercest of them all.Linus creeped through the woods, and stumbled upon the Yeti roasting the campers on the fire.
Linus wanted Yeti to share with him. But Yeti refused.
Linus asked Yeti why he didn't agree. Yeti said he felt sad about the football game!

Suddenly something happen and seems like not good,He quickly become very nervous.
Then sudenly an alien appeared.The alien said 'Whats up'.
Link finished his bigfoot story, and the class of CS 4320 applauded. One person in the crowd happened to be paying attention though, and said, 'What does this have to do with the rest of the story?'
'Yeah!' Said another student. 'What happened to Tony?'

 And then he realized that was a Kappa rather than an Exmoor.
He decided to go other places to take a break.


There was once a Popobawa named Jim. He was insecure about the size of his ears and the shape of his feet. There was also a black kanagroo who was his friend.  They would play checkers every week together. This left Linus and the undead kappa alone in the woods. Suddenly, they were surrounded by hundreds of man-eating trees, all of whom were quite confused by the obfuscated story being spun.
Linus shouted to the Minhocao, a slimy green earthworm, 'Please help us defeat this army of trees'.

The Minhocao dove into the earth and swiftly burrowed towards the encroaching trees.
One by one, the Minhocao chewed off their root like legs.

 The minhocao uprooted waves and waves of the army of trees but there was no end in sight! Cut to black--
Tony Supermano, in the the afterlife now rules a ragtag gang of Ngoubou
Tony Supermano and his ragtag gang of Ngoubou were at war with a gang of Owlmen.
One night, the gang of Owlmen challenged the gang of Ngoubou to a brawl over control of the afterlife.
The Owlmen and Ngoubou battled for a long time.
During this long battle a mysterious Man-Bear-Pig appeared.
Both sides defeated the odd creature with tons of logic, causing its brain to combust.
They then returned to battle.
But one day, a male Owlmen and female Ngoubou fell in love Romeo and Juliet style
It was a forbidden love. 
Glob the Globster, the father of the female Ngoubou, said he would rather die than is daughter marry an Owlmen!He began thinking of a master plan to break the couple up.Of course! The elves could stop this marrage.
Avast, Some pirates appeared from outerspace!
This was very bad news; it was common knowledge that space pirates were the universe's 2nd highest cause of death, behind The Space Kraken.
Unaware of its' surroundings, the Canvey Island Monster broke out into a dance.Unable to remove his gaze from the creature the Honey Island Swamp Monster joined into the dancing!But the pirates were not alone.With them, they brought a ferocious pack of jackalopes.Sensings the need of assistance, the Guardians of the galaxy showed up to save the day!
With help from StarLord, Gamora, Drax, Rocket and Groot, the space pirates were defeated with ease, but the space kraken was still out there.

He dreamed that they fell in love quickly.they have a happy family. As the kraken slumbered it dreamt of the inevitable encounter with Star Lord. 
Subconciously plotting its revenge

Gambo showed up from the sea.
Nobody know what he is doing.
It is a cute dog with big eyesI like it very much
The dog pranced around filled with joy
However, the dog was struck by an oncoming car
 IN THE FACE!
You shouldn't let your puppy play around cars. 
The end. 


